Update docs for GDPR/Cookies Consent integrations (#540)
mintlify/docs: integrations/privacy/overview.mdx

```

If you'd like to request a data privacy platform integration, please let us know in [our community](https://mintlify.com/community).

## Disabling Mintlify Data Collection

> We collect data to improve your experience with Posthog.

Reviewer: I'd remove this line

Author: I think we have to name what services we send user data to

Author: Or maybe we should link to the Privacy Policy? If it's more specific there

Reviewer: Do we have to? Just in the sub processor list right, no requirement to do so in the docs

Author: I think you're right, what about `We collect usage data as outlined in our [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)`

> If you'd like to opt out of sending usage data or need to disable the data collection cookie for GDPR compliance, you can do so by adding the following to your `docs.json` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to opt out of analytics, or if you need to disable telemetry or cookies for GDPR compliance, you can do so by adding the following to your `docs.json` file:
```
